---
layout: post
title: "MatrixSSL 1.8"
date: 2006-04-06 10:00:00
author: Admin
categories:
- blog
- releases
image:
thumb:
---
<b>API additions</b>
<ul>
<li>Addition of two new server APIs that allow the user to add a custom flag value to client sessions.  Servers may now assign persistant custom data to connected sessions that can be later retrieved from a session that was established with a session resumption handshake.  See the API documentation for <tt>matrixSslSetResumptionFlag</tt> and <tt>matrixSslGetResumptionFlag</tt> for more details.</li>
</ul>
<br/>
<b>Functional changes</b>
<ul>
<li>Ability to put multiple certificates in a single PEM file.</li>
<li>The handshake will now fail on an un-authenticated cert if no user validation callback has been defined with <tt>matrixSslSetCertValidator</tt>.  It is still encouraged that a callback be registered.</li>
<li>Users can now reply to a closure alert with a closure alert of their own using <tt>matrixSslEncodeClosureAlert</tt>.  Previously, the <tt>SSL_CLOSED</tt> flag prevented this.  Now only error cases will prevent the closure alert from being created.</li>
</ul>
<br/>
<b>Bug fixes and optimizations</b>
<ul>
<li>Numerous compile warnings fixed.  Especially in the area of unsigned char / char type mismatches.</li>
<li>Added explicit void types to empty parameter functions.</li>
<li>Fixed a bad shift operation in <tt>cipherSuite.c</tt> (no functional change).</li>
<li>Fixed possible memory leak of pre-master secret if <tt>deleteSession</tt> called on some corner failure cases.</li>
<li>Fixed compile and link issues when USE_FILE_SYSTEM was turned off in <tt>matrixConfig.h</tt>.</li>
<li>Fix for unknown X.509 certificate extension parsing in which the extensions did not provide explicit data lengths in the encoding.</li>
<li>Fixed parse issue with an empty AuthorityKeyIdentifier certificate extension.</li>
<li>Created new sample certificates with updated dates.</li>
</ul>
<br/>
