---
layout: post
title: "MatrixSSL 3.1.1"
date: 2010-04-15 10:00:00
author: Admin
categories:
- blog
- releases
image:
thumb:
---
<b>Feature Updates</b>
<ul>
<li><b>Secure Renegotiations</b> - Turn re-handshaking support back on, MatrixSSL users!   Beginning in version 3.1.1 support for the recently published TLS Renegotiation Indication Extension (<a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5746" target=_new>RFC 5746</a> ) is included.  SSL/TLS renegotiations enable servers to fine tune the security parameters
or access controls for individual clients without having to reconnect. MatrixSSL enabled clients and servers now support the "renegotiation_info" extension and the TLS_EMPTY_RENEGOTIATION_INFO_SCSV signaling cipher suite to prevent any possibility of the "plaintext injection attack" that was disclosed November 2009 and described in CVE-2009-3555.   </li>
<li><b>CLIENT_HELLO extension support</b> - Support for adding extensions to CLIENT_HELLO messages is now included in the open source version of MatrixSSL. More information on hello extensions can be found in <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3546" target=_new>RFC 3546</a>.</li>
<li><b>Client cipher suites on re-handshakes</b> - Clients will now resend the full list of supported cipher suites on server-initiated re-handshakes. In previous versions, upon receiving a HELLO_REQUEST from a connected server, the client would only supply the cipher suite that was currently negotiated in the CLIENT_HELLO.</li>
<li><b>Makefile auto detects 32 and 64 bit platforms</b> - The top level Makefile now detects whether 32 or 64 bit Linux or Mac OS X is running, and sets some defines appropriately to optimize performance for 64 bit platforms.</li>
<li><b>New documents</b> - Migration to 3.1 and OS Porting Guide</li>
</ul>
<p/>
<b>Public API Changes</b>
<ul>
<li><b>New matrixSslNewClientSession prototype</b> - An additional parameter has been added to this routine to improve hello extension support. Clients can now register a callback that will be invoked during the SSL handshakes to parse any SERVER_HELLO extensions that might be sent by the server.</li>
<li><b>USE_INT64 renamed to HAVE_NATIVE_INT64</b> - This define in coreConfig.h has been renamed for clarity.</li>
</ul>
<p/>
<b>Bug Fixes</b>
<ul>
<li><b>Changing Cipher Suites on Re-handshake</b> - A handshaking failure was discovered during re-handshake testing in some cases where the underlying cipher suite was changing, resulting in an invalid SSL Alert and connection close. This has been fixed as part of the overall handshake protocol change.</li>
<li><b>Default size for pstm_digit</b> - The default 32-bit platform now explicitly sets the psmt_digit type as a 32-bit unsigned integer rather than an unsigned long. This fixes a compile issue witbh running with 32-bit math on a 64-bit platform.</li>
</ul>
<br/>
