---
layout: post
title: "MatrixSSL 3.7.2"
date: 2015-04-14 10:00:00
author: Admin
categories:
- blog
- releases
image:
thumb:
---
Many changes and improvements are included in this release that are not detailed below. Please see the Release Notes included in the package for a full list of changes.
 <p /> <b>Configuration Changes</b>
 <ul>
  <li><b>Default Ciphers</b> - 
Four default ciphers are now enabled: TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_[128,256]_CBC_[SHA,SHA256]
  </li>
  <li><b>Disabled Ciphers</b> - 
3DES ciphers join RC4 in the disabled by default ciphers list. PKCS5 and PKCS8 password protected private key parsing are not enabled by default.
  </li>
  <li><b>Compile Options</b> - 
For Linux, OS X and Windows platforms, -O3 is now the default optimization level. Assembly language optimizations are always enabled on all supported platforms. Algorithm optimizations trading size for speed now default to speed, unless compiling without optimizations (-O0) or optimizing for size (-Os).
  </li>
  <li><b>Static Libraries</b> - 
Static libraries have been renamed. Please see detailed release notes for more info.
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p /> <b>Security Improvements</b>
 <ul>
  <li><b>Stack Zeroing</b> - 
BURN_STACK is enabled by default to clear sensitive data from the stack. In addition, memset_s() is now used to ensure that the compiler does not optimize away the memset of local stack variables. This change and other compiler warnings were suggested by Pavel Pimenov using PVS-Studio and Cppcheck. The issues are listed in this blog post and all have been fixed: <a href="http://www.viva64.com/en/b/0304/" target='_new'>http://www.viva64.com/en/b/0304/</a> 
  </li>
  <li><b>X.509 Certificates</b> - 
Improved certificate date validation, as well as distinguished name and key usage fields for older certificates.
  </li>
  <li><b>ECC Key Generation</b> - 
Now ensuring random number is less than the order value when performing ECDH key generation.
  </li>
 </ul>
 <br/>
